Sara M Ichinaga: Okay. Hello, everybody. We are starting
Sara M Ichinaga: No, no.
Sara M Ichinaga: Hello.
Isabella Yuyun Heppe: No problems, as you can tell.
Sara M Ichinaga: Well I hope you get that figured out
Isabella Yuyun Heppe: Thank you.
Sara M Ichinaga: Um, yeah. Can you hear me okay
Isabella Yuyun Heppe: Yeah.
Sara M Ichinaga: Okay.
Sara M Ichinaga: No.
Sara M Ichinaga: Okay. Anyway, we're getting a little bit off topic, fellas. Anyway, um, we are going to start the lecture.
Sara M Ichinaga: And let me just, yeah. So today we're going to be talking about
Sara M Ichinaga: That Good, good. We're going to talk about cats, you know, cats.
Isabella Yuyun Heppe: You. What's that
Sara M Ichinaga: This is a realistic lecture I'm showing you slide doodle anyway.
Sara M Ichinaga: Um, yeah.
Sara M Ichinaga: So that's a cat. Okay.
Isabella Yuyun Heppe: Can you explain what that is.
A cat.
Isabella Yuyun Heppe: Yes.
Sara M Ichinaga: You would like to know what a cat is
Sara M Ichinaga: Yes, well,
Sara M Ichinaga: A cat is an animal. People have them as pets. There are domesticated to live with people. It's pretty great.
Sara M Ichinaga: And I like cats.
Sara M Ichinaga: A lot
Isabella Yuyun Heppe: Can you give me an idea of a cats personality.
Sara M Ichinaga: Kind of depending on my cat.
Sara M Ichinaga: It really depends. Anyway,
Isabella Yuyun Heppe: Yes, sir. They like claws.
Sara M Ichinaga: Yes.
Isabella Yuyun Heppe: Does the English have any other word for claw.
Sara M Ichinaga: Um, no. Not to my knowledge, no.
Isabella Yuyun Heppe: Good to know.
Sara M Ichinaga: Um, yeah.
Isabella Yuyun Heppe: My video isn't working right now.
Sara M Ichinaga: Well,
Sara M Ichinaga: I'm
Sara M Ichinaga: That was very insightful.
Sara M Ichinaga: Jamie good yes i don't
Sara M Ichinaga: Okay, are we good is that, or is that all of class, I think we did everything we want to do here.
Sara M Ichinaga: Good job today, everybody.
Isabella Yuyun Heppe: Thank you.
JAIMIE JIN: Thank you.
Isabella Yuyun Heppe: I'll make sure to do my homework by tomorrow.
Cool.